people/exe/STRATEGY.md, before:

# Training strategy

This is the "algorithm" that will be used to train the brain.
It uses psychological [self improvement][si] concepts 
for mental clarity, 
as well reinforcement learning [philosophies][ee]

conscious and unconscious parts of the brain play different parts in learning.
we conjecture that[\*][cs]:
  - `(1) unconscious brain (UB) and conscious brain (CB) both have decision making capabilities`
  - `(2) UB is larger than the CB`
  - `(3) UB and CB can both be influenced`
  - `(4) CB can influence UB`
  - `(5) UB stores concepts of "skills" and "priorities"`

## when alone

we would like:
  - CB to only positively influence UB towards goals
  - CB to be used to reflect on recent interactions[\*][nt]

we would not want:
  - CB to "distract" UB from goals

therefore, CB is used to help the UB 
to develop and reinforce strategy _as best as possible_.
time spent alone should be used to:

### recite ambition (re-inforcement)
`i want to...`
  - have
    a [_net worth_][nw] of £56 million 
    by age 40
  - be recognised by 
    [_everyone_][al]
    by age 27
  - have 
    all-positive social interactions
    by age 27
  - have 
    maximum proffesional knowlegde of 
    all current (2017) computer systems
    by age 27

### strategise (development)
I.e. update and/or update STRATEGY

## when in social environments 
Conjecture: when in social environments, the UB seems to be more effective/
useful than CB.
social environments have too much information for 
the smaller CB[\*][c4] to manage, so UB is most effective

therefore, we would like UB to have more control in social
environments and for CB to only be used to guide UB. similarly
to [when alone][wa]:

we would like:
  - CB to only positively influence UB towards goals
  - CB to be used when required (e.g. to [_empathise_][ei], or to have conversation)

we would not want:
  - CB to "distract" UB from goals

UB is needed to exploit/explore as to train and utelise skills where appropriate.

### minimize thought (focus)
try to steer all thoughts towards these:
  1. "how do i feel?"
  2. "what do i really want to do _RIGHT NOW_?"

don't think about abstract concepts such as 
  - "life" 
  - "the nature of reality"
  - _"what type of person am i?"_

remember:
  - be [_positive_][cs]
  - listen

[ee]: ../../programming/ML/DA-Lecture9.pdf "\"exploration and exploitation\""
[si]: ../src/self_help
[cs]: ./doc/strategyAxioms.md
[nt]: ./doc/notes.md
[nw]: ./doc/netWorth.md
[al]: ./doc/quantitativePopularity.md
[c4]: ./STRATEGY.md "conjecture 4"
[ei]: ../src/emotional_intelligence/danielGoleman.pdf "ref. on page 39"
[wa]: ./STRATEGY.md "(above)"

Commit message:

added to strategy
added some notes on perfectionism
(dont compare yourself to other people)

people/exe/STRATEGY.md, after:

# Training strategy

This is the "algorithm" that will be used to train the brain.
It uses psychological [self improvement][si] concepts 
for mental clarity, 
as well reinforcement learning [philosophies][ee]

conscious and unconscious parts of the brain play different parts in learning.
we conjecture that[\*][cs]:
  - `(1) unconscious brain (UB) and conscious brain (CB) both have decision making capabilities`
  - `(2) UB is larger than the CB`
  - `(3) UB and CB can both be influenced`
  - `(4) CB can influence UB`
  - `(5) UB stores concepts of "skills" and "priorities"`

## when alone

we would like:
  - CB to only positively influence UB towards goals
  - CB to be used to reflect on recent interactions[\*][nt]

we would not want:
  - CB to "distract" UB from goals

therefore, CB is used to help the UB 
to develop and reinforce strategy _as best as possible_.
time spent alone should be used to:

### recite ambition (re-inforcement)
`i want to...`
  - have
    a [_net worth_][nw] of £56 million 
    by age 40
  - be recognised by 
    [_everyone_][al]
    by age 27
  - have 
    all-positive social interactions
    by age 27
  - have 
    maximum proffesional knowlegde of 
    all current (2017) computer systems
    by age 27

### strategise (development)
I.e. update and/or update STRATEGY. Try not to compare yourself to other people, as this creates a subconscious ceiling to acheivements.[\*][dc]

## when in social environments 
Conjecture: when in social environments, the UB seems to be more effective/
useful than CB.
social environments have too much information for 
the smaller CB[\*][c4] to manage, so UB is most effective

therefore, we would like UB to have more control in social
environments and for CB to only be used to guide UB. similarly
to [when alone][wa]:

we would like:
  - CB to only positively influence UB towards goals
  - CB to be used when required (e.g. to [_empathise_][ei], or to have conversation)

we would not want:
  - CB to "distract" UB from goals

UB is needed to exploit/explore as to train and utelise skills where appropriate.

### minimize thought (focus)
try to steer all thoughts towards these:
  1. "how do i feel?"
  2. "what do i really want to do _RIGHT NOW_?"

don't think about abstract concepts such as 
  - "life" 
  - "the nature of reality"
  - _"what type of person am i?"_

remember:
  - be [_positive_][cs]
  - listen

[ee]: ../../programming/ML/DA-Lecture9.pdf "\"exploration and exploitation\""
[si]: ../src/self_help
[cs]: ./doc/strategyAxioms.md
[nt]: ./doc/notes.md
[nw]: ./doc/netWorth.md
[al]: ./doc/quantitativePopularity.md
[c4]: ./STRATEGY.md "conjecture 4"
[ei]: ../src/emotional_intelligence/danielGoleman.pdf "ref. on page 39"
[wa]: ./STRATEGY.md "(above)"
[dc]: ../src/self_help/perfectionism.pdf "ref. on page 81"
