README.md, before:

# ppp
training human brain for quantitatively pre-defined notion of success

## the philosophy
  - human brains must use some sort of algorithm for training itself and the body to learn a wide variety of skills.
  - this algorithm uses seems similar in nature to [machine learning][1], 
  using input from our senses and information to train from

i am going to attempt to train a human brain as efficiently as possible using principles from [reinforcement learning][2]

[1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Machine_learning "\"Machine Learning\" on Wikipedia"
[2]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reinforcement_learning "\"Reinforcement Learning\" on Wikipedia"

## train for what?

the ultimate goal is to be a "successful person", where "success" is arbitrarily defined by mastery of the skills listed below:
  - [_social skills_][3]; skills with dealing with other people. this is most difficult because people's personalities vastly vary 
  - [_financial skills_][4]; with which "financial skills" has been specified as "investment skills on the property market"
  - [_technical computer skills_][5]; skills with using technology. this is the easiest due to the algorithmic nature of technology.

[3]: ./people
[4]: ./property
[5]: ./programming

## inspiration

this project was inspired by research in areas of psychotherapy and psychology
  - [B.F.Skinner][6] and his work in [Operant Conditioning][7]
  - Work from [John B. Watson][8] and [Ivan Pavlov][9]

[6]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B._F._Skinner
[7]: https://www.simplypsychology.org/operant-conditioning.html "operant conditioning explained"
[8]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_B._Watson
[9]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ivan_Pavlov

###### TODO: add resources

Commit message:

completed TODO in README.md
added resources for "inspiration"
(i.e. all of the doc/ in people/)

README.md, after:

# ppp
training human brain for quantitatively pre-defined notion of success

## the philosophy
  - human brains must use some sort of algorithm for training itself and the body to learn a wide variety of skills.
  - this algorithm uses seems similar in nature to [machine learning][1], 
  using input from our senses and information to train from

i am going to attempt to train a human brain as efficiently as possible using principles from [reinforcement learning][2]

[1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Machine_learning "\"Machine Learning\" on Wikipedia"
[2]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reinforcement_learning "\"Reinforcement Learning\" on Wikipedia"

## train for what?

the ultimate goal is to be a "successful person", where "success" is arbitrarily defined by mastery of the skills listed below:
  - [_social skills_][3]; skills with dealing with other people. this is most difficult because people's personalities vastly vary 
  - [_financial skills_][4]; with which "financial skills" has been specified as "investment skills on the property market"
  - [_technical computer skills_][5]; skills with using technology. this is the easiest due to the algorithmic nature of technology.

[3]: ./people
[4]: ./property
[5]: ./programming

## inspiration

this project was inspired by research in many areas.
see the READMEs for more information.
