people/exe/etc/notes.md, before:

# Notes

### substances seem to have noticable effects on the CB
conjecture: CB stores "short term memory"
  - cannabinoids appear to have an effect on the 
    processing speed of the CB (both speeding up _and_ slowing down),
    but not seem to have an effect on UB
  - alcohol appears to suppress the CB (its "harder to think"),
    which allows more room for UB to take control
  - alprazolam appears to **completely** suppress the CB. although this
    is useful to allow UB to take control, CB seems to have such little
    functionality that it is essentially useless.
  - salvia divinorum appears to have such a profoundly unique
    effect on the body that it inevitably leads CB activity

### rituals and prayer appear to be effective in updating UB
conjecture: the more "important" something is to the UB, the more likely
it is going to be added to the UB
  - religious prayer or general rituals/traditions are 
    something very likely to be contextualised in the UB as important,
    particularly the ones they were raised to pay attention to.
  - these can be used to update the UB in the strategisation stage

### psychoactive drugs do what you think they do
conjecture: pre-perception of what experience will be had once on
psychoactive drugs actually colours experience
  - cannabinoids and salvia are psychoactive

Commit message:

acid notes
feel qualified to speak on them now

people/exe/etc/notes.md, after:

# Notes

### substances seem to have noticable effects on the CB
conjecture: CB stores "short term memory"
  - cannabinoids appear to have an effect on the 
    processing speed of the CB (both speeding up _and_ slowing down),
    but not seem to have an effect on UB
  - alcohol appears to suppress the CB (its "harder to think"),
    which allows more room for UB to take control
  - alprazolam appears to **completely** suppress the CB. although this
    is useful to allow UB to take control, CB seems to have such little
    functionality that it is essentially useless.
  - salvia divinorum appears to have such a profoundly unique
    effect on the body that it inevitably leads CB activity
  - lysergic acid diethylamide appears to have a profound effect
    on both the UB and CB

### rituals and prayer appear to be effective in updating UB
conjecture: the more "important" something is to the UB, the more likely
it is going to be added to the UB
  - religious prayer or general rituals/traditions are 
    something very likely to be contextualised in the UB as important,
    particularly the ones they were raised to pay attention to.
  - these can be used to update the UB in the strategisation stage

### psychoactive drugs do what you think they do
conjecture: pre-perception of what experience will be had once on
psychoactive drugs actually colours experience
  - cannabinoids and salvia are psychoactive
